Add note about dev status of dependencies for #881 (#891)
ropensci/dev_guide: booknews.Rmd

## dev version

> - 2025-03-11, add note in pkg_building about checking maintenance status of dependencies (#881)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2025-03-11, add note in the packaging guide about checking maintenance status of dependencies (#881)
```
